Code of conduct

Introduction

The premise of this adult reasonable community is that nobody is here against its will. It is a good faith community of educated and good faith with resources individuals who are here with no ulterior purpose except to produce art. We understand art as beauty derived from nature’s order. Here we use art in regard to enhance and enrich the explanation of the “license material”. Everybody is free to join or leave the community as many times as it wishes. But anyone who violates the Code of Conduct will lose his reputation inside the community and will not be allowed to come back again. This Code of Conduct begins with the basic of following the law of the person’s country. This mean that people with criminal trials or charges, national or international, cannot join or stay in the community. Dishonest politicians, members with hidden agendas of NGO, or any other type of activists or members of organizations which their main objectives are against or may distort, distract or deviate the objectives of this community, they cannot be part or stay in this community. If they are part of any other community, public or secret, they must act in good faith to tell the truth when they sign the conditions to join this, at the moment when they fill the form to enter this community, a form where this kind of questions are asked. No member of this community can be in illegal conducts, such as the use of drugs or any other illegal activity. Although in this community we don’t discriminate gender, ethnicity or religion, this community is compound of high-educated moral persons of any race and in any country, but they all have a strong rational, secular and scientific approach to life, and with a great ambition to create art as beauty derived from nature’s order. Not everybody needs to agree with this view, but those who we do, we like to share with others like us to enrich our creations and expand the philosophical knowledge contained in the book and game. Because we believe man is a rational animal, we condemn the irrational as anti-human. Any irrational conduct is not tolerated. We respect the people who disagree with us and we request from them the same respect to disagree with their disagreement. This is not a place of debate of people who disagree with each other. That place exists in social media but is not the purpose of this community. The only purpose of this community is to integrate artistic images to the “license material” here provided by people who share our Aristotelian philosophic values. We don’t tolerate rational contradictions. We don’t tolerate the negation of the Law of Identity formulated by Aristotle that says A is A. Having said that, here is a list of the Code of Conduct members of the community. We start with the premise that everybody in the community agree with the values exposed in the book and the game, and that they act in good faith. (Abuse reports can be done in abuse@whatever.com. We will take your report seriously). People with contradictions or against the values of the community cannot enter or stay. What we do in this community is like doing a sport. If somebody don’t like this sport, he can find other in another place. Administrators of the community reserve the right to take whatever action they feel appropriate with regards to the Code of Conduct violations. What follows is a list of good conducts the members of the community must observe.

Good conducts

Empathetic rational conversation. Be rational and understand that emotions derived from thoughts. Make people feel welcome, supported and never insult or discriminate. Behave as a well-educated aristocrat.
Don’t be offended. If somebody disagree with you, breathe, be calm, carry on. Act rationally, ask why and perhaps you can learn something.
No emotional hysteria. Be cool, calm and stylish. Put your rational Neocortex as the ruler of your Paleocortex. Control your chimp rate, as players do when they crown themselves playing the game. Count to 10 before acting. Postpone your opinion or sending an email or insult or saying something in bad faith that you may repent later. Just be patient and wait for 3 days before acting if you are in any kind of emotional irrational storm. Always act controlling your emotions and find the real causes of your exaggerated emotional reaction. Always ride the horse and don’t let the horse ride you. It doesn’t look good.
We suggest to read the book and play the game as many times as possible, every month.
Never initiate force or deception to others.
Treat others as you expect they treat you.
Judge but rationally and expect to be judged rationally.
Don’t initiate conversations or debates beyond the purpose of the community that is no other than to add images to the text of the “license material”. There are other places for that.
Try to see the rational genius and hero in others.
We suggest to practice the morality of reason as it is explained in the book and its bibliography.
Good faith premise. Accept a person you don’t know in good faith, who is not deliberately trying to deceit you, but report if he proves to act in bad faith.
Listen without interruption in good faith, believing he is talking rationally and good faith.
Use language with words definitions as the 1960’s dictionaries say.
If you don’t understand something, identify what words are blur and ask your interlocutor definitions for them.
Use precise concepts definitions attached to percepts. Ask for definitions and to what facts or evidence those words are attached.
We don’t ask for people to apologize or feel guilty or to ask “emotional forgiveness”, but to rationally recognize the logic cause of an error to not repeat it again.
We are guided by Aristotle’s ontology. We don’t believe that knowledge is inherent as Plato did, but is gradually acquired through our senses as Aristotle concluded. We seek truth through the scientific method. We believe in the primacy of existence over consciousness not vice-versa.
Religious and political debates, hidden agendas or open activism is completely prohibited.
Think big.
We understand our ignorance about other cultures, so we practice tolerance and good mood without being quickly offended
We respect all irrational cultural movements that don’t initiate force or deceit against others, like stopping the transit in cities, destroy sculptures, ban books, artists, sport competitors or make little children to doubt about their own physical characteristics.
We don’t interfere with private intimate life between adults while they maintain it private.
We maintain our relations strictly technical and professional.
Be sure you are not using copyright material without permission.
Prioritize to contribute with your own unique creations or copyright material.
