PART 1 (CC BY-ND)
(All videos starts with the same opening animations. Use the ChampionsRenaissanceOpening animation of the main. This is under CC BY-ND license).
Question Number 1 of the philosophical-quiz-game "Exceptional Mind":	A man's cultural imprint derives from the philosophy of his culture.	True	or False? Answer: (A little boy making sand shapes in the beach with a plastic mold. Sounds of the waves and a galactic embracing music. Subtitles appears in big letters, playing on the screen, while a woman with british accent read it). The answer is true.  A man's cultural imprint derives from the philosophy of his culture (cut scene from the former and the same boy makes another type of shape in the sand with another plastic mold. Same music and sound. Same script appears in the screen. Same woman continues reading the script), but philosophies that deny reality generate cognitive dissonance and anxiety (scene cuts to a person looking at the screen of its computer, thinking, appearing confused). (The text is under the CC BY-ND license). 

PART 2 (CC BY-SA)
Have you ever wonder how much of your identity you never choose it? (A person making a question sign in the sand in the beach with a stick. Same music, script animation and woman reading). Did you choose the sense of yourself or perhaps you have not born yet? (An adult man looking at the see alone at the beach). Do you want to be the son of yourself or the son of the culture you never choose? (The same man walks in the beach alone). Why not examine your cultural choices and choose the best your critical thinking allows you to? (The same man starts to run in the beach, confident). If you are a rational-animal, is it worth to become an optimal-rational-animal? (Seaguls flying around with him while he runs and the waves of the sea burst).
Perhaps to experience a profound happiness first we need to discover who we are, and for that we need to learn philosophy. What if beyond our comfort zone there was a brilliant champions road? Do you dare to explore such feat?
(The video ends with the ChampionsRenaissanceEnding animation (of the main). After, appears the creator's name, for example: John Doe Videos LLC, with a Logo and link to its website. Then appears the picture of the Exceptional Mind philosophical-quiz-game and a link to download it).

