HOW TO CONTRIBUTE

WARNING: Before contributing we suggest to download the free demo in our website, see the two video tutorials in YouTube, (to learn how to play) and read the book with the long answers of the 94 questions. (You can read for free an extract in the website as well). We also encourage to read the King Neo New Renaissance Movement page and the GitHub Open-Source Projects page both in our website too. 

INTRODUCTION

After this introduction you have a 3 STEP guide on how to contribute to produce a video. The first thing you need to understand is that each video is made of two parts. Let us begin explaining the first part. The first part of the video is a short part (near 10% of its length). It contains the text of one question and answer. (The contributor can choose one of the 94 questions and answers from the "94QuestionsAndAnswersText" document in the main). The number, question and answer must be shown in the video in text and/or with voice. The text cannot be changed because the questions and answers are under the CC BY-ND license (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nd/4.0/legalcode). This license lets others reuse the work for any purpose, including commercially; however, it cannot be shared with others in adapted form (no changes allowed) and credit must be provided to the original. But images can be added in connection to the original text. The reasonable attribution required is to mention the philosophic-quiz-game and a link to download it in each video creation. (See the "ExampleVideoTextCreation" document in the main). That is all you need to know about the first part of each video. Now let us explain the second part of it. In the second part of each video, you can add more text for a better explanation of the question and answer, that is, text to enrich its understanding and scope. Creators can write about some paticular aspect to enhance the question and answer, for example, from a historic, scientific, politic, atistic or other point of view. The text of the second part of the video can also be a short story for an animated (5 to 10 minutes) short-film Oscar's category to explain the answer. Whatever the case, we suggest to read the long answers of the questions in the Champion's Renaissance book. We also suggest to make a simple story-board for the whole video. You must write (text between parenthesis) the desciptions of the images, animations, sounds and music. The second part of each video is under the CC BY-SA license. (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/legalcode). This license lets others remix, adapt, and build upon your work even for commercial purposes, as long as they credit you and license their new creations under the identical terms. This license is often compared to “copyleft” free and open source software licenses. All new works based on yours will carry the same license, so any derivatives will also allow commercial use. This is the license used by Wikipedia, and is recommended for materials that would benefit from incorporating content from Wikipedia and similarly licensed projects.

We are done with the introduction. Now let us go to the practice. Before all, you need to fork this repository and clone it in your own account. You will make the changes there and after you will pull a request.

After forking this repository, follow this 3 SIMPLE STEPS. Imagine your name is X and last name is Y. So your name is XY.

STEP 1: Build the TEXT-FORMAT (text in two parts):

TEXT PART 1 (CC BY-ND license)
1.	In the main, open the 94QuestionsAndAnswersText doc.
2.	Choose one of the 94 questions to make your video (copy the whole line).
3.	Open the TEXT-FORMAT doc. Paste the text of the question and answer at the top, under the title “PART 1”. (Write between parenthesis the description of the images and audios you would like to connect them to. Be sure to follow the aesthetics conditions of this license).
4.	Next, paste the AttributionText of your choice. (Find the AttributionText options in the AttributionText folder. Choose, copy and paste one. Write between parenthesis the images and audios you want to connect them to, but following the aesthetics conditions). 

TEXT PART 2 (CC BY-SA license)
1.	Create your own text for a better explanation of the text of part 1. Choose the text you like. It can be a didactic educational animation, or an audio-visual abstract using shapes explanation, or a story of a short film with animated characters. Whatever your choice, be sure it is connected to the text of part 1 and your choice enhance the explanation. We suggest to read the long answer in the book to expand your knowledge of the answer. (After you have the text of the 2nd part of the video, one more time, write between parenthesis the description of the images and audios you want to connect them to and, again, be sure to follow the aesthetics conditions). Also be aware of the total time of the video.
2.	Write the text of your attribution (your name or company) and repeat the attribution of part 1.
3.	Once you have ended it, save it in the numbered folder for the question number you selected. For instance, if you are John Doe and selected question number 1, save it inside the folder called “contributors_formats”. Inside you will find 94 folders, each for one question. The “q_1” folder contains the contributors’ formats for question 1; the “q_2” folder contains the contributors’ formats for question 2 and so forth. As John Doe, name your text document as: “q_1_text_john_doe.html”.

STEP 2: Create your visual and audio material

1.	Create your own audio or visual creations, or be sure not to use others under copyright.
2.	Identify each document with (a) the number of the question, (b) the name to the file and (c) your name (in this case your name is x and lastname y). For example: For images, “q_1_WhiteRose_xy.png” or “q_1_SailboatSailingDroneView_xy.jpge”. For music: “q_1_BachOperture_xy.mp3”. For sound: “q_1_BigBenBell_xy.mp3”. For animations: q_1_PyramidAllegoryAnimation_xy.blend in case for a Blender animation. Follow the same criteria with other format files or extensions.
3.  Store the document in the proper folder of the main (images, animations, draws, blender, etc.).

STEP 3: Edit your creation in a video editor of your preference. Make a pull request. Make changes if they are required by the maintainers. When the video is approved by the maintainers, upload the video to YouTube. After uploading it, pull a request to store the link of your video in the "ListOfApprovedVideos". Make changes of the uploading of the video to YouTube if the maintainers requieres to. When the video is approved by the maintainers, upload it again. After uploading it, again, pull a request to store the link of your video in the "ListOfApprovedVideos".

