Luxury Aesthetics Conditions (Part of the CC BY-ND and CC BY-SA licenses).

The "luxury-aesthetic-condition" is that the “licensees” creators must act with high quality standards of production. This mean luxury aesthetic requirements, similar to the aesthetics standards used in the luxury industry. They will use Cinzel and Cormorant fonts, dark purple backgrounds, gold and silver colours, including light grey, black and white backgrounds too, in a similar style of the championsrenaissance website and the game aesthetics. (Download free DEMO version to see it here). The aesthetic references for the production of the videos are the luxury aesthetic standards used by high quality companies such as Rolls-Royce or Rolex. We suggest to see their advertising, pictures and websites as a guide to inspire us. Other aesthetic reference we are inspire with is the art of the Renaissance, especially the works of Michelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci and Rafael and also the works of Ancient Athens and their works such as the Parthenon. The Oscar winners of Animated Short Films are also an aesthetic reference. (Here they are somo YouTube examples like Father And Daughter 2000 Oscar Winning; or Umbrella; Badgered by Sharon Colman; Funny Animation by IJustAm, CGI 3D Animated Short; “The Albatross” by Joel Best, Alex Jeremy, and Alex Karonis; Migrants Award-Winning and “Ascension” by Ascension le Film; Disney Pixar “Piper” – Music by lewisjackmusic; Oh Sheep! by Filmbilder & Friends; Man Animated Short Film; Fox And The Whale, among others). The music aesthetics references to use in these videos are Mozart, Bach, Beethoven, Rachmaninov and similar; modern slow electronic and fashion show music or light jazz, but not sad music. They must be happy, that is, allegro or andante. Discotheque music, heavy metal, hard rock, reggaeton and the like are not allowed. Any type of songs with text, choirs or soloists, including opera is not allowed in the first and third part of a video. The sounds used also must enhance the understanding of the questions and answers and, especially, the final edition of the video as well. The golden number and Fibonacci sequence are welcomed in visual designs.

Art

We understand art as the beauty derived from nature’s order, but not just to represent it or imitate it. We encourage to create art works derived from natural patterns, abstract or not, that may include natural landscapes like mountains, stars, clouds, waves and sea. We understand art as Aristotle did, a form of expression that has the potential to be appreciated for its beauty and creativity, but not only as a replication of nature, but to pursue a higher ideal of beauty, truth, and morality. In Nicomachean Ethics, Aristotle says: “A virtuous person, as a virtuous person, takes pleasure in other people] actions that express moral virtues, and is upset by actions caused by moral vices, just as a musician enjoys beautiful songs but finds bad ones painful”. (NE IX 9.1170a8–11)

Aristotle’s idea of art has been influential for centuries, and it continues to shape the way we think about art today. We also share Ayn Rand (an intellectual descendant of Aristotle) view of art expressed in her book The Romantic Manifesto: A Philosophy of Literature. Also, in another book called What Art Is: The Esthetic Theory of Ayn Rand. In the Ayn Rand Lexicon she says: “Art is a concretization of metaphysics. Art brings man’s concepts to the perceptual level of his consciousness and allows him to grasp them directly, as if they were percepts.” We view art as a kind of special wine of aesthetic pleasure for the human soul, to propel him to become the champion of himself, its own hero, the optimal rational-animal, the man who pursues its eudaimonia. Iliad by Homer and Atlas Shrugged by Ayn Rand are our literature aesthetics references.
